		README for LaTeX version of DKBTrace manual
		George Ferguson, ferguson@cs.rochester.edu
			     14 June 1991

You should only need to run LaTeX twice (to get the table of contents
and such made) if you have all the original distribution files.  The
default Makefile target does exactly this.  There will some "overfull
hbox" errors reported, as usual. The index is in the file index.tex
and all the figures are provided in both "fig" format (as they were
created) and in LaTeX picture mode format. See below concerning both
these items. The resulting .dvi file was exactly 250000 bytes on my
Sparc1.

The Makefile target "clean" will remove all unnecessary files, leaving
the index and latex figures.

To rebuild the index, you need the "makeindex" program, available from
Berkeley, I believe. If you do not have makeindex, DO NOT remove the
file index.tex and DO NOT ask for "make spotless". The Makefile
provides the target "index", and making the target "all" will reformat
the manual with a new index.

To change the figures, if you edit them using fig or xfig, you need
the "fig2dev" program available from Cornell, I believe. If you do not
have fig2dev, DO NOT remove any of the .tex files listed in the
Makefile as FIGS, and DO NOT ask for "make spotless". The Makefile
will automatically rerun fig2dev for any .fig files that are more
recent than their corresponding .tex file. If your archive extractor
plays with modification times, you may have to "touch *.tex" or
"make -t" before running make to prevent it trying to remake the LaTeX
figures.
